README.md, before:

Disclaimer: Please note that we no longer support older versions of SDKs and Modules. We recommend that the latest versions are used.

PaymentNetwork Woocommerce Plugin
==============

This module enables the use of http://www.cardstream.com payment gateway using the Woocommerce project http://www.woothemes.com

COMPATIBILITY
------------

Compatible with version 5.8 of Woocommerce and upto 5.8 of Wordpress. 

INTRODUCTION
------------

This module enables the woocommerce customers to pay for their items using the PaymentNetwork hosted form or direct payment gateway.

What does it do?
----------------
Presents the option to pay with credit card or debit card via the PaymentNetwork payment gateway.


INSTALLATION
------------

1. Go to the plugins section of the admin panel

2. Click Add New

3. Click Upload plugin (Near the top left of the page nexto the menu)

4. Click the "Choose File" button and select the module (which will be the whole zip file this readme is in)

4. Click the "Install Now" button and then click the "Activate" button.


Manual installation 
--------------------

1. Unzip and upload the plugin folder to your /wp-content/plugins/ directory

2. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress

3. Go to WooCommerce -> Settings and click on the Checkout tab. 

4. Find PaymentNetwork in the Payment Gateways section 

5. Click the settings button to configure and enable the gateway.

6. Click 'Save Changes'.


Rebrand Instructions
--------------------

The module does not require any editing of file to be used. The options can be changed via the plugin settings.
However you can pre set some of the branding options by by editing the config.php file. 
This will allow you to set the defaults which are :

gateway_title is the title of the module that will appear to the user when selecting the payment method on the checkout.
method_description is the description that appears in the payment selected on checkout.
default_merchant_id is the default merchant ID the module will use. It's recommended to use a test account.
default_secrect is the signature/secret for the default merchant.


Setup Instructions
--------------------

Setting up the module requires at a minimum a merchantID, a signature/secret key and
a gateway URL i.e. https://gateway.example.com to be entered in the plugin's settings.

You will then need to select an integration type to use.

The module will also need to be enabled so it appears as a payment option on the checkout.

Commit message:

update ReadME for blink instructions

README.md, after:

Disclaimer: Please note that we no longer support older versions of SDKs and Modules. We recommend that the latest versions are used.

Blink Woocommerce Plugin
==============

This module enables the use of http://www.blinkpayment.co.uk payment gateway using the Woocommerce project http://www.woothemes.com

COMPATIBILITY
------------

Compatible with version 5.8 of Woocommerce and upto 5.8 of Wordpress. 

INTRODUCTION
------------

This module enables the woocommerce customers to pay for their items using Blink by hosted form or direct payment gateway.

What does it do?
----------------
Presents the option to pay with credit card or debit card via the Blink payment gateway.


INSTALLATION
------------

1. Go to the plugins section of the admin panel

2. Click Add New

3. Click Upload plugin (Near the top left of the page nexto the menu)

4. Click the "Choose File" button and select the module (which will be the whole zip file this readme is in)

4. Click the "Install Now" button and then click the "Activate" button.


Manual installation 
--------------------

1. Unzip and upload the plugin folder to your /wp-content/plugins/ directory

2. Activate the plugin through the Plugins menu in WordPress

3. Go to WooCommerce -> Settings and click on the Checkout tab. 

4. Find PaymentNetwork in the Payment Gateways section 

5. Click the settings button to configure and enable the gateway.

6. Click 'Save Changes'.


Rebrand Instructions
--------------------

The module does not require any editing of file to be used. The options can be changed via the plugin settings.
However you can pre set some of the branding options by by editing the config.php file. 
This will allow you to set the defaults which are :

gateway_title is the title of the module that will appear to the user when selecting the payment method on the checkout (default is the hosted modal).
method_description is the description that appears in the payment selected on checkout.
default_merchant_id is the default merchant ID the module will use. It's recommended to use a test account.
default_secrect is the signature/secret for the default merchant.


Setup Instructions
--------------------

Setting up the module requires at a minimum a merchantID, a signature/secret key and
a gateway URL i.e. https://gateway2.blinkpayment.co.uk/ to be entered in the plugin's settings.

You will then need to select an integration type to use.

The module will also need to be enabled so it appears as a payment option on the checkout.
